	"So, you're just superior to us?" Hap asked. "You're better than humans?" His voice edged louder as his outrage grew. "You mean that we're like animals next to you? We're some sort of pet that can't get house trained and is likely to lift a leg on great aunt Mable?" Hap shouted.
	DeMing turned away to scan the forest. He turned back and whispered, "Lower you voice!"
	"Yeah! Sure! Whatever you say!" Hap shouted. "Nothing worse than a dog barking all the time!"
	"No, I mean that you should shut up and listen." DeMing said.
	"I'm sick of you and your arrogant, high handed..." Hap slammed to the ground. 
	The edge of his shield caught him right on the nose and the thing on his back smashed his helmet forward, partly covering his eyes. Steel screeched under claws as they raked down his back, seeking to get into his guts. 
	Hap lifted from the ground, hanging by the neck. He whipped back and forth, shaken like a rat by a terrier. He dropped to the ground, catching his shield on his helmet, saving his face. 
	Rolling over, he covered himself with his shield. The dark creature pulled back, weaving side to side, looking for an opening. Hap reached across his body to get his sword out. The movement drew an attack that seemed so fast that the creature was biting at his shield instantly, trapping his arm across his torso. 
	He could only duck his helmet forward, hiding his face behind his shield in an attempt to protect it. The edge of his shield flipped up, pulled off of him by the creature. Hap's arm went numb and he looked into the black eye and oozing nose of the creature as it bit into him, shaking its head so hard that Hap was flung over the dirt.
	"He's got my sword arm." Hap thought. "Why am I so calm? I'm being eaten alive." 
	Growling like a huge cat, the creature pulled back, dragging Hap onto his face by his arm. 
	"He's going for my neck." Hap thought. "He's going for the kill." Hap arched his neck, trying to cover his neck with the rim of his helmet. He was looking up at the creature, when DeMing appeared right behind it, plunging a slim sword into the creature and flickering out of sight as the creature spun around to confront him.
	"Maybe DeMing can help." Hap thought. "Maybe he can drive off the creature."
	The creature sprung into the air and landed with his tail to Hap. DeMing stepped forward and plunged his sword into the creature and then stepped away out of sight. 
	"He must be invisible." Hap thought. "My arm is really bleeding. I had better get it pressed against my belly." He rolled over and cradled his arm against his armor, pulling his shield close to cover himself. 
	Shouts came from the camp as the soldiers there woke and came running to see what was happening. Hap lay on the ground, holding his arm. He could hear the sounds of the animal, screeching. A furious howl rang out and the creature leapt away.
	"Hey, help! Over here!" Hap called. He took a deeper breath, feeling the sharp pain in his chest. He coughed. "I'm over here! Help!" He sounded really weak to himself. 
	His vision began to narrow, showing him some of the stars direcly over head. Hearing voices approach, he hoped they were coming, that help was coming. Above him, the sky shrank, growing red around the edges. "Am I dying?" Hap thought. "I'm tired. I'll just close my eyes for a moment. If I go to sleep then I won't wake up. But I just need to close my eyes.

