
###

	I stood at attention in the court yard. My helmet sat low over my eyes, blocking any view of the sky. My armor rubbed on my neck and my kerchief had already slipped down, uselessly low. I would have to dig that out to put it between the edge of my armor and my neck. My pack rode on my hips, the weight balanced and comfortable. I dug my thumb under each strap, checking for tightness. My shield rested on the ground, leaning against my leg. It could be slung over my pack, or carried in front where it would bang against my leg with each step. 
	Around my, the men of Company 4 stood, at rest. Each man wore mail and an open face helmet. The carried rapier and dagger on their hip and a cape slung over their left side. They talked quietly, chuckling at some joke. 
	I caught them glancing at me, seeing a single thick man sweating under the morning sun. Even with the cool air of the night still lingering, the low sunlight warmed me to the point of sweating. Once we set out, I would be soaked and panting quickly. 
	I stood alone in the courtyard, waiting for the Fae Ambassador. Company 4 often guarded important visitors. They specialized in looking sharp, making a favorable impression on ambassadors and foreign princes. I stood out like a hog in a hen house, a thick awkward body among thin muscular men. I carried a heavy shield that would be part of a shield wall. They used rapiers that could deal elegant death. 
	Once again, Piggly Wiggly had arranged to embarass me.
	The rumble of a carriage warned that the Ambassador was coming. The men straightened, coming to attention. Each man stepped into position, standing in neatly arranged ranks, head held high, backs straight. 
	I lifted my shield, bringing the edge up nose height, leaving the armor on my shins to protect my legs and feet. 
	A barked command brought all the rapiers into the air in a silent salute. I was the only man standing inert. I grabbed my short sword to lift it in an imitation of their salute, its stubby wide blade looking more like a toy than a lethal weapon. 
	The carriage gleamed in the morning light. Purched on the rear, the driver controlled the magic that drove it. In the cabin, Ambassador Ellorell DeMing surveyed the gathered troops with a disdainfull look. Around him, the ladies in waiting looked at us with equal coolness. 
	DeMing was a slim man, almost skeletally thin with a long face, long thin nose  and eyes so turned up at the corner that he was a cartoon of oriental eyes. His ears were large and pointed. He wore a slim coronet of gold with a single purple gem in the middle of his forehead. His hair was a golden fluff rising from the top of his head in a crest that would have been found on some exotic bird. His clothes shimmered with a silken finish of grays and purples. 
	I looked straight ahead, resisting the urge to stare. Among the soldiers in this courtyard, I was the only one from Company 6, the only one who could show that Company 6 was more than a collection of losers and freaks. 
	I wondered why I was here. Piggly Wiggly had braced me yesterday and yelled orders to draw traveling gear and report to the courtyard to accompany the Fae ambassador. I hadn't seen anyone else from Company 6 show up. Still, I had to do my best. 
	A sargent from Company 4 marched over and turned to face me. "You will ride post on the Ambassador's carriage!" He yelled, each word spoken slowly, clearly, as if he were talking to a foreigner or idiot. "Do you understand?" 
	Resentment burst through me which I choked back. This was simply some hazing, some attempt to put the weakling from 6 in his place.
	"Yes! Sargent!" I yelled back. I turned sharply to face the carriage and double timed over. 
	Soldiers stood at the front of the carriage, but an empty running board remained at the back. I grabbed a handle and hauled myself up to stand at attention, looking forward like the rest of the solders. 
	"So much parade, and no progress." Said the driver. He stood on a running board wide enough for two with a padded bar behind him where he could rest. He had a stick in front of him. 
	"Hurry up and wait." I said. I didn't look at him, and kept my voice quiet. With a strangled laugh, he whispered, "Don't get me started so early."
	Finally, after all of the men had been loaded onto two big flat carriages, the gates swung open and we began to ease forward. The gates were wide enough for the carriages, but only by a couple of feet. When we emerged onto city streets, we manuevered carefull, avoiding pedestrians, wagons. 
	Only after we had cleared the city gates did we begin to accelerate. Standing on the outside, with the big cart wheels next to me, felt like a motorcycle ride. A big silent motorcycle, admittedly, but we were soon racing along at 60 mph. The wind didn't hit me in the face, so something was protecting me. I just hung on, enjoying the scenery.
	"You can park your shield here." Said the driver, indicating a cupboard. I nodded and slid the big thing in.  
	"How about my pack?" I asked.
	"Should be room." He said. "I'm Pete Uglyson." He held out his hand. 
	I shook it, making him wince. Then I realized he was waiting for my pack. I slipped out of it, and handed it to him. He grunted with effort and swung it down into the cupboard.
	"I'm Hap Addersley." I said. "Pleased to meet you." 
	He glanced around at the other soldiers riding on the carriage "Why are you with these dummies?"
	I looked around. Standing at the back of the carriage, with the wind whipping by, we were pretty isolated. "Don't really know. I was ordered to accompany the Ambassador, given traveling kit and sent to stand in the courtyard."
	Checking the carriage, Pete turned back to me. He was a heavy set man, bald on top with a fringe of hair tied back in a flowing pony tail. Salt and pepper hair showed gray mixed in with black. He wore a thick woolen scarf stuffed into the collar of a canvas coat that buttoned up his left side.
	"I drive this thing all over and they often come with." Pete said, nodding towards the men at the front. "Bunch of shiny arm chair generals, all of them. Couldn't fight an angry girl, if you ask me." 
	I grinned. "You've seen them in action?"
	"Nope," Pete said. "They stand around, looking pretty and polishing each other's swords. But you look different."
	"Well, first of all, I'm not part of Company 4." I said. I started to feel embarassed about coming from Company 6. While I knew it was a retirement post, I didn't know how other people looked at it."
	"What Company are you from?" Pete asked. 
	I felt my cheeks warm at his question. Many of the men in my company were wounded while in service. They didn't have any other way to survive except by living with the Company. For better or worse, I was part of them. I was living in a retirement home. Pete looked at me, waiting for my answer. Feeling the moment stretch, I said. "Company 6."
	Pete cocked his head. "Company 6? You know Captain Holmivenson?"
	Puzzled by this, I looked down, trying to remember any captains in the company other than Piggly Wiggly. That name tickled my memory and I couldn't bring up anyone.
	"Yeah Holmivenson. Big blond guy, fights like a natural disaster. You know him?"
	"I know Eric." I said. "Big blond guy. Married to a cook, Esme. Could that be him?" 
	"Yeah, that's him." Pete said. "Say hello next time you see him. Remind him of Pete and tell him I still remember."
	"Sure. No problem." I said. "Mind if I ask what you remember?"
	Pete closed his eyes for a long moment, and then heaved a sigh. "Let's just say I owe the Captain. Owe him big time."
	I nodded. "OK. I'll tell him." I said. "But you could come around most mornings and say it yourself."
	Pete shook his head. "He's had his brains half bashed out of his head. And I don't want to embarass him, or anything. I saw a camp full of two legged animals get what they deserved. I saw him up close and personal. And I'll always, to the day I die, be grateful."   

