	"Once a mind is broken open, the invasion is possible." DeMing said. "Demons search for open minds, for broken minds that have been exposed and plant a copy of themselves."
	"Broken minds?" I said. "How many people are broken?"
	"Minds break in a variety of ways." DeMing said, turning to looke out over the forest. "These lands have been lit by night lights for centuries."
	I bit back a sharp question and turned to look up. Stars flickered in the perfect black sky. The flowing green lights of norther lights weren't there. I have seen the aurora borealis in perfect winter nights. This was not that. 
	"Where are the lights?" I asked.
	"Precisely." DeMing said. "Where are they? I have made this journey often. I have stood here for hours watching the flow and ebb of lights over the dead lands."
	"So, we were supposed to see lights?" I asked. "Because, this is not it."
	"The lights bring death." DeMing said. "The dead lands are dead because of the lights. Even the borders of the dead lands are filled with burned victims. Now that has changed. I imagine the dead lands have lain fallow for a millenia. Now the fields can once again sprout life."
	"You mean that magnetic north has moved?"
	DeMing blinked at me, pausing to stare. He nodded once and drew a deep breath. "Yes, a magnetic pole has moved. You understand the impact of magnetic poles and solar radiation?"
	"Yea. We have speculated on what would happen if the magnetic pole moved. Mostly, we expect catastrophe."
	"Why?" DeMing asked. His tone was demanding like a teacher. 
	"Solar radiation gets deflected by planetary magnetism and redirected to the north pole." I answered. "Moving that point to somewhere else would guide all that radiation to kill plants in that area."
	DeMing nodded once. "Basically right. Except here we have multiple poles. Rather than one great shield, we have multiple shields and they are not stable. Over centuries the poles jump to new locations and change the location of dead lands. We know the old dead lands will sprout new life. We don't know where the new dead lands will appear. That is a chaotic event."
	"So, you think that the dead lands are now alive?" 
	"A new frontier, waiting for life to fill empty ecological niches." DeMing said. "Of course, the creatures that did survive in the dead lands fill many ecological roles. Especially the top level predators. Evolving in a desert of life, they hunt and breed freely. They will be spilling out of the dead lands, forced out by population pressures and hunting freely in newly fertile fields."

