	Hap walked his route, shield close to his body, his sword sheathed on his left hip. Black sky above filled with stars gave no light for him. His eyes had adapted to the dark, giving him some sense of the trees as dark shapes. He hit the end of his route and stamped his feet. One, two, he stamped and then turned and walked back. 
	Campfire had died to coals, leaving only the barest shapes of tents. Some of the guard slept on a pile of thick quilts. 
	"Dark out here." 
	Hap snapped around, his hand on the hilt of his sword. Ambassador DeMing glowed with a soft light that stood out from the darkness of the forest.
	"I find the dark, unsettling." DeMing said. "Don't you?"
	Hap froze. He was on guard duty and supposed to walk his route. But the Ambassador was a very important person and in charge of this expedition. He looked around and didn't see any other guards. He would have to humor the Ambassador.
	"I'm not used to this kind of darkness." Hap said. 
	"Yes. I've heard that your home glows all night with lights that can be seen for miles." 
	Hap thought, he knows about me. He knows that I came from a lost world. I have to be careful here. Hap said, "That's what I've seen."
	"Is it true that you can see your cities from a 100 miles up?" DeMing asked.
	"I've seen photos taken from space that show a river of light on the edge of the sea." Hap said. "If the clouds are low enough, you can see the glow of cities reflected on them for miles and miles."
	"Is it cloudy all the time?" 
	"No, not at all." Hap said. "Some places are as wild as this place, empty of civilization. I've seen nights this clear with the sky filled with stars."
	"Really?" DeMing said. "But your world is lost to demons. Didn't you understand that?"
	Hap froze. He had been warned against talking about demons. Could this be a trap? 
	"You don't want to say anything about that?" DeMing said. "Perhaps you feel ashamed of what happened to your world?"
	'No, not that." Hap said. "I was cautioned against saying anything about my home, especially about demons."
	"Yes, yes, yes." DeMing said. "I was the one that insisted on that. We are fighting for our very existence against them. I insisted that you be sealed and cautioned to keep quiet."
	"Sealed?" Hap asked. "You know about that?"
	"Oh, yes. I insisted that we needed to be safe. So it was agreed to seal you to keep you from using your abilities if you were possessed by a demon."
	Hap felt his face flush with anger. "You put this on me?"
	"Well, it was either that, or have you killed." DeMing said. 
	"I went through the purification." Hap said. "I was cleared of any contamination." 
	DeMing flapped his hand, dismissively. "Yes but better safe than sorry, don't you know." He turned to look west, into the dark forest.
	Hap wanted to tear DeMing apart. He wanted to lecture him and call him names that would make him cry. He took a deep breath, struggling to gain control. "So could you..." Hap said, struggling to speak quietly. "Could you unseal me?"
	DeMing stared west, ignoring Hap. "I'm worried about the aurorial lights." 
	Hap closed his eyes, breathing deeply, struggling to maintain his calm. "Can you have me unsealed? It would mean a great lot to me. I could heal people. That would be good for everyone."
	"Hmm?" DeMing said. He hummed with a thoughtless response. Obviously ignoring Hap. "I came to see the aurorial lights."
	Gripping the hilt of his sword, Hap ground his teet together. This man, this thing was the source of his misery. "DeMing, can you unseal me?" Demanded Hap.
	"Have you seen aurora borealis?" DeMing said. 
	Hap thought that killing DeMing might ruin his chance at being unsealed. He opened his hand, letting the hilt of his sword go. "I don't see any damn lights." 
	"Exactly." DeMing said. "This is important. Are you sure you know what to look for?"
	"Yes." Hap said. "I've seen northern lights. You can't see them this far south."

