	Hap heard the rustle of stiff cloth. He smelled alcohol, herbs. He tried to turn his head, to see where he was. The wool of a blanket scratched his chin. His tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth. Cracking open his eyes, he winced at the burning in his eyes. He finally peeked out, looking around. He was in a tent. A man bent over him, examining his his arm, pulling gently on bandages wrapped around his arm. He took a breath and groaned with pain. 
	"Awake soldier?" The man asked, reaching to rest a cool hand on his forehead. Hap closed his eyes in simple pleasure at the coolness on his dry palm. 
	"Little warm this morning." Said the man. "Let me get the healer." 
	Hap closed his eyes, resting for a moment. Opening them, he found the tent darker and outside he heard the sound of men eating. "I must have taken a nap." He croaked, his voice thick with phlegm.
	"You certainly did." Said a woman who hustled across the to look at him. Her hand pressed on his forehead, cool and slightly damp. "Oh, you are warm." She said. "Well let's see about that. Think you're up to drinking a little?"
	Hap nodded quickly, thirstily. 
	She opened a bottle from his bedside table. "You'll need a little help, dear." She said. Holding his head up off of the pillow, she set the bottle to his lips, and poured a bit of medicine. 
	Haps mouth puckered at the bitterness, smelling like wood and turpentine. She waited for him to swallow. "I know it tastes awful, but that's medicine for you."
	She tipped a little more into his mouth. Hap closed his eyes and swallowed, trying to get past the foul taste and smell. 
	"Now for some water." She said. She held a spout to his mouth, and cool clean water washed the taste of medicine down his throat. He was thirsty, feeling dehydrated and the water tasted so good.
	"Enough for now." She said, pulling away the blessed water. "Don't want to get a cramp. I'll be back in a little bit to give you more." She patted his arm. "Don't worry, you getting the best help possible."
	Hap closed his eyes, feeling water bringing him strength. 

